# AP-Classroom-Video-Watcher-Bot
This is a simple and very sloppy javascript program that automates watching AP classroom videos for you. It runs inside the console so you can use your computer for other things while it does its thing.

Directions:
Click on the script.js file below and copy it's entirety. Navigate to AP classroom for your class, then go into the ACTIVE tab on the sidebar and select videos in the top bar. Open the console and paste the code into the console and press enter. It may ask you to enable pasting into the console, do that. To know that the code is running, it should open the first video at the top of the page in a few seconds, and it should click the play button on the video a few seconds after it loads, if it takes to long to load and does not click the play button, reload the page and try again, after that, it should work autonimously as long as the tab is open and running.

If you do not have access to the console, you can use the bookmarklet, do the same directions as above but create a new bookmark at put the entire line of code below into the URL field in the bookmark and click the bookmark instead of pasting the code into the console once you are in AP classroom:

javascript:(function(){function getElementByXpath(xpath,context=document){if(typeof xpath!=="string"){throw new TypeError("XPath must be a string.");}const result=document.evaluate(xpath,context,null,XPathResult.FIRST_ORDERED_NODE_TYPE,null);return result.singleNodeValue;}function isVideoDone(){if(document.querySelector('wistia-player').shadowRoot.querySelector('button[aria-label="Play Video"]')==null){return false;}else{return true;}}const sleep=(milliseconds)=>{return new Promise(resolve=>setTimeout(resolve,milliseconds));};var count=0;async function monitorVideoProgress(){console.log("Starting video monitor. Checking every 10 seconds...");let keepRunning=true;await sleep(5000);document.querySelector('wistia-player').shadowRoot.querySelector('button[aria-label="Play Video"]').click();while(keepRunning){await sleep(5000);const isDone=isVideoDone();if(isDone===true){console.log("Video is finished! Clicking close button and exiting loop.");document.querySelector('button[data-test-id="modal-close-button"]').click();await sleep(5000);startVideo();keepRunning=false;}else{console.log("Video still playing. Waiting another 10 seconds...");}}}function startVideo(){document.querySelector(".StudentAssignments .action-button-cell button").click();document.querySelector(".StudentAssignments tbody").children[count].querySelector(".action-button-cell button").click();count=count+1;monitorVideoProgress();}startVideo();})();
